a little bit Can working is good night Thursday 24 September 19 hours
we are in São Paulo ok I understand now is the event at Academia Militar das Agulhas
Negras also an event today at the headquarters of the Police Superintendence
Rodoviária Federal side of Rio de Janeiro director general you agile a
effect gives me a lot of material for PF PRF really is one of the
institutions that we pride ourselves on this does an exceptional job has
the record for the seizure of drugs and armaments has been broken, and they too have
April to here by coincidence, right? Working since then, actually more
so here it’s alright changed the pace of work changed the minister of
and in justice and everything started to flow better in the PRF in the federal police test
So these are institutions that we are proud of on my left here, you
Letícia is a teacher in Guarulhos I even remembered now because she is talking
with her I think that at the end of last year like this year a new bid
of Presidente Dutra Highway that ends the final descending shirt of the next
logically there was a third party proposal to create a new square of
toll there in Guarulhos and also between Barra Mansa and Volta Redonda is not
to talk to the mayor with more people I also talked to the video
Tarcísio and we decided that the bidding will be carried out but without new
toll and what's best will reduce I believe that then thirty percent the
current tolls at Dutra similarity 14 squares here Rio de
January Rio de Janeiro you know I remembered that of Letícia the porter in
Guarulhos regarding us something more dangerous the present deny that
you authorized the rehabilitation of three squares in urban areas in the city
Guarulhos which is very important in the urban green areas program
waterproofing the temperature sensation leisure areas with authorized
and it will be done there in Guarulhos very important is the message of the environment will
talk slowly about what affects Brazil right, fire outbreaks in the
The Amazon and the Pantanal and the environment, the left takes advantage of this and accuses me
right, we’re setting fire there today, we’re not taking steps to pay for the
account doesn’t look huge it’s bigger than 4 states together you get in Sergipe
you take Alagoas Rio de Janeiro and Espírito Santo imagined the size of the
area what do we do the job of keeping the
focus we feel more details there are problems in the past wrong measures
in the past I have had it in homes will talk here that I potentiate fires when it
comes and there the temperature until a few days ago was on average 43 degrees Celsius
a very large organic mass in view of the wrong wrong measures or
criminal take from the past What steps were those President o you have
repeated with reason that in addition to the heat Evident drier right temperatures very
high in the Pantanal has a series of policies that were adopted there we are
mistaken the first is not to leave even circulated must have only seen
remember your commented that video of the staff setting employees on fire you me
saw that me called Fogo Frio when you were out of the dry season outside the
hot period sets fire on purpose in a controlled manner to decrease
and organic matter rest of leaf branches anyway and if you don't do that
for two years that I have been going on there that material will be
accumulating and drying in such a way that when it catches fire the way it is
happening now it catches fire in a proportion that is very difficult to control
because he didn’t take a preventive measure at the right time and something else that the
Pantaneiro, right, the rural producer there in the region.
was there in the conditioning come and meet me here is there in Poconé in Mato
Grosso Pantaneiro the rancher there he is a collaborator and the livestock EA Help
also decrease organic matter because cattle eat grass eat grass E
with that it doesn’t let it accumulate and comes to be seen in that region unlike
Mato Grosso do Sul that controlled this issue in Mato Grosso a persecution
very large against the result cattle ranchers decreases the cattle increases the
amount of capinha de mato when it catches fire
I’m going to mount a gigantic volume in addition to human impact throughout
a regional culture is the Indian who sets fire to the fields, the caboclo is also the
small producer who sets fire to the fields some I think I should change the culture
I wish I could change many cultures, it takes a long time, but not
is one who speaks this has no idea what he is talking about so much here could do
talk and change change certain cultures here for Urbana in São Paulo that has certain
cultures also turned into culture that are harmful to the environment beyond
it’s not too long, right You said now it seems that it will change that there
to be able to use certain fire blocker blockers in the water so that
today logically the blocker increases the capacity you muffle and end the
fire how do these blocker the President blocker is a product whose
chemical composition is very similar to the fertilizer
good it lasts in the proportion of 100 liters of water to 1 liter of
blocker on the plane on that plane that dumps water to fight the fire and
then the flights, they close the water a lot more efficiently with a lot of
fewer flights you can block the fire because it’s called a blocker or retarder
of fire and here for a long time the product was not allowed to use
eminently ideological the whole world the United States fire blocker use
Canada Europe Japan only here that the class was postponing this business raised him
the question of the use of fire and the way of Culture
last week there was an article in the guardian newspaper the english newspaper
saying that in California fires much bigger by the way than the ones that are
happening in the Pantanal one of the reasons why a fire is so big in the
California because there the Democratic government therefore left that is not there of
and in a preventive way and the English newspaper says look this is one of the reasons
why it’s burning so much in California because the Democratic government there
prevented the preventive use of Fire
and another thing here, right? It's about our forest code in
Amazon region is the legal reserve equals eighty percent of the area then
those who enjoy a 1,000-hectare property 800 hectares cannot do
nothing this reserve mass it can work only at twenty percent is
days from there and Amazon I speak the left calls a liar the forest catches fire
the core of the forest, which is wet in the part here, it’s not dry, it doesn’t take the
that catches fire in the surroundings where there was a decrease in vegetation because there was
human intervention this intervention over 500 years right 84 percent of
The Amazon is preserved in a primary way, that is, exactly the same when the
the Portuguese arrived here 84 percent have no other country in the world that
has this level the size of the forest as we have and with this level of
preservation and when a large amount of CO2 carbon dioxide is generated
it is not in when energy is produced I want to burn it is one I send the
forms but the production of energy Brazil for practically eighty per
percent in clean renewable energy as far out there as opposed to
around twenty percent affectionate and in the various it does not consider Brazil then
the country that preserves the most now because this criminal attack this misinformation
there is absurd over Brazil the economic game we have commodities that
we produce in the field and obviously countries is I don't want to quote the name here to not
have controversy more stay just should know which European country is very funny
this makes a massive campaign against Brazil accusing it of its terrorists
we know that this is not true, it is the same thing the collection of
other reserves in Brazil we have Brazil already 14 percent equivalent to 14
percent territory will see how indigenous reservation
and it’s a controversial thing for you to discuss, right?
on that subject but 14 percent equates to an area the size of the Southeast region
Imagine São Paulo for less than one posting little Minas Espírito Santo and
Rio de Janeiro for less well less here I think it doesn’t have a million
indigenist in Brazil and 1 million I think it's a wall here that is worth the
municipality size of Jundiaí a little bit more my Campina house by
more than a million inhabitants for all that, stay there that increased to
twenty percent with some countries eating the world so you wish i think you
simply going to make Brazil's agribusiness feasible we have contact with
another thing also looks at the northern Indians of the state of Mato Grosso to
these They are in a similar situation to our plantation already cultivating 12
thousand hectares of soy President has a Millionaire fine in the past because it was
planting transgenic is the guy wants to talk but he believes
and what happened to this story of the transgenic man’s farms
white neighbors to indigenous land all with transgenics from the fence to here Only
because the indigenous land cannot use transgenic, or be something totally
ideological because or transgenic is bad and then no one can neither an Indian nor the
white or transgenic has no problem and everyone can why the man
white people can and the indigenous people cannot discriminate that makes no sense and
something else, right, that in fact the large indigenous reserves can speak in the
sea ​​fox Serra do sol among others the areas that is almost impossible ours right
inspected so it operates inside it is inhumane they you are also theft of
biodiversity exploitation there predatory of the natural resources that exist there is the
gold and other types of ore So this is help it’s really stealing
an equity and I would like some
in the second is already evolving he could already have more Freedom just from
your land what you said now why am I going to make it here you can use your
the earth is in the rational way and you, as a harpsichord, can do absolutely nothing
we have a project in Brasília was born in the ministry of mines and energy giving
powers to the Indian if he wants to be able to explore his land as well as the
white man not doing me on the side Or does and when is it you speak well is
exploring means that the Indian being able to perform these actions he will follow the
same environmental rules as anyone is not a white man from another
other regions follows ie environmental care licensing is not a
released general it will do things right now it prohibits everything and
absolutely is an invitation to illegality that the subject will not spend the rest of
life pretending you can't do anything on his Earth
thank you so much for Ricardo Salles
person here who will answer the Young Pan questions in a little while this
my life so here for example the internet I defend the internet book right
I doubt that there is anyone who gets beaten up on the internet more than I doubt it Ah
but even so I defend the free internet today a note circulated there notes
on the internet that the minister makes the Health mistake he would have in Vila Nova
ordinance facilitated abortion the first thing nobody can facilitate abortion right
a good one until polishing I jumped I don't know three cars some more accusation is that
left it there to type for legal abortion to be done in the legal cases that exist
provided for by law, it is within it, failing to demand in one of the stages the
ultrasound and I went to see the new ordinance is very clear here in article 7 right
and in the other holography my daughter here in article 2 here in the second phase he
said of ultrasound in understanding when people invent these things and in
touching also saying that he had released from the mandatory to inform
the police authority that is here in article 7, item 1, communicate the fact to the
responsible police authority Hi all right Here is the is up to that person
do not go at once believing in anything is understanding Give a
researched right it has to do here if there was a story hitting this fake News
this false information and she feels the ordinance I feel right is only on the internet
you take a look or see it open here is missing a lot speaking the truth
on matters take the concierge take a look put on the screen and see her articles
credit you have to be there and PSOL gives some publicity this is it
outspoken trying to always disqualify the government you and even accuses me I don't
I have to know I do not know how many ordinances per year you have already
downloaded there right You must know everything that happens in the Ministries obviously something
if something absurd happens we get in touch with me and often
Fluminense takes a lot in the back too you want to work has already happened in
health the second time with the Brazilian minister
and now I’ve taken the ball on the coast too seriously I don’t want to talk too much
here to make room for young people in the bathroom to meet, okay I
said in my UN speech that I total emergency aid right
for the next $ 1000 in fact 960 loves it was not enough to hit line
now I just know how to simply divide the volume, right
and by the hair by the quantity and you have the number now you have to understand a lot
65 million people who received emergency aid and $ 600
that there are five first appearing real intentions, right, we have 12 million there
of ladies with children So this one received twice as much and that takes Amélia
to surroundings Av do Contorno c970 960/970 I love it so I approached it was
enough for lefty to accuse me of being a liar he doesn't speak look it wasn't a thousand
it was 960 thanks thanks your obligation some write there wise is money wow
in the tax it is stored there in the safe that keeps the indebtedness in Costa
that we did not reduce you will not have that reduced it is a lie to talk that reduced it
was created by law for 3 months I already allow myself by decree
renovate we renovate for two more then it is Economic arrives and says like this then
almost 50 know a month and the world has recognized that of the countries that
faced the crisis these measures were the most efficient book was not
just emergency aid afterwards we continued it was not a decree but it was for
law for 300 gas has decreased a lot I know this is very little I know it is little
now for those who are paying, right in this case Brazil is a lot because we are going to
giving and when you divide if you have to pay in the future you have to pay with
interest paid with this moletta thank god i fell in love that it’s down there so it’s
a course in the total pandemic will come close not to be labeled a liar is
that speaks 970 huh let's say i'm lying next trillion from behind none
country in the world did it was not just an emergency aid it was Socorro a Micro
and Small Businesses and it was money for states and municipalities
compensate the non-collection of ICMS and ISS So for a few days executive with
the president of the hotel and restaurant bar association, right, he back there
we approached the gate of my car the official government car I took to speak to
o Paulo Guedes a relief plan was also made for hotel staff and
Bars they recurrence them the aid that the government gave otherwise if not
hundreds of thousands unemployed in Brazil the hotels reached 0
practically introduces you, that there are national parks in Brazil, I think that
you solve some of them parts is one that closes all parents and now it's already
all there masses of unemployed would be I wouldn’t even come here if I hadn’t
Brazil was also taken as the country that best treated this collection in the part
On the sanitary side make it very clear that the Federal Supreme Court
and it was seen, right? And who should deal with this matter of restrictive measure were the
respective governors and mayors so did the federal government
basically, right, it was used to send resources to the municipality and neither did I
so that contaminated personnel over the school could be attended to and left the
Of course also in almost everything I said in the past I said it because I didn't
could take action happens now ok a lot already say that the economy
it really couldn't be achieved as it was in the past because that little story
stay at home the economy is afterwards so see here because the economy suffered
something now if it hadn’t taken action the boat would be much bigger
Maybe if Brazil had returned there facing chaotic situations, right?
the question of the fairy that is so talked about, I'm here now that it comes to
conclusion here some studies already and and by experience proof right And that is just
that I had really saved seeing can one know the building she works for
of the Republic more than 200 took mine believe almost all the information that
I have, right, cosmetics from the presidency were consulted that Mestre
installed is just for me to learn also presidential staff taken me here and
no one has even been hospitalized so it’s something that the observation gave
right now comes that story from the past has no scientific proof
it was from there ok life hours from there again right that there was no alternative not to
yes alternative take only that not worked who did not and according
with age according to mobility did not take in the initial stage were
hospitalized but the base another unfortunately there losing their lives
and you were contaminated not yours in the few minutes that I didn’t have I’m going
not play plague but you will get it I'll get it if you haven't already
Sometimes the exam doesn’t remove Brasilia, I can’t say anything here louder
Summit of power in Brasilia some executives of the Judiciary quite then
also with a mask 24 she could sleep and with the lengths to
but now it’s no use that I used to say back there, take care
who has humidity expecting a vaccine expecting a proven remedy
scientifically right, but it’s no use, it’s going to end up getting and staying at home
solves nothing because when you will one day get out of the hole you will have to leave
of the den and leave home and will end up getting viruses Now How to face the
virus with his vitamin remembers when asking Paulo Guedes to reset a post
here you see it was practiced there it feels is President Jair bolsonaro
The vitamin D tax mayor governors some forbidden are only for
the beach I think vitamin D you get that there in the sun taking the sun you know
it is in a way for free you get it looks like they did it all wrong and viruses
after that was right he took the collection back to school now below 40
years the chance of getting the virus is not there for everyone but an amount one
huge percentage, you know, it doesn’t reach people or even that little gripeze and she
catch that was so criticized also gripezinha da terra and the classes have to
back problems we are text we are having at home right in Europe for
present example that the one foot tire in Europe people are going out on the streets
demanding several republic measures at home until when since from
now in that the tambourine Escola Naval and Academia da
Force didn't close their doors all who didn't have classes all the time
closed the Federal Police Academy, we also opened that other month, right?
left, you can see all of this little boy, he doesn't stay at home, we left, went back to
Federal Highway Police classes are also including new candidates are
Santa Catarina Federal Highway Police Academy
problem We are giving a problem at Colégio Militar because there is a lot
teacher and civilians are unionized an enormous pressure to continue staying in
home is politicization asleep and what will happen not long that the person
to be cowed is that I say who has a community who has an advanced age is
be careful waiting for a possible vaccine
it's a selfie, then take a vaccine and be calm if you see the virus getting there at
right then so it is a reality that unfortunately a politicization of the virus I
I was slaughtered for some time before this part of us, right, this dear
Brazilian press that ties right Much more misinformation There's a saying already
this video, right, and if you
and don't read the newspaper you're not informed if you read you know unformed
logically there is the press screen lakes one is even transmitting a signal
here I always see for the for the impartiality is more others have turned
a fourth fifth by gave the first power up and they play heavy on these people
trying to destabilize the government I’m going to go back there Oops Amazon our
Fernando feeding forecast shirt this year and she either was not voted
it was about land tenure regularization where you could then make the
people who live in Brazil all who have land ownership right she came to
be is defined for the withdrawal of payment payment remote food and of
way if we were up to the future is to figure this out a fire outbreak had
how to go on the property at home see if it's a bonfire São João
you know if today the area that is allowed to be planted is on fire and in terms of
deforestation also if you take into account the last 20 years, right?
information that arrived via deforestation media in the Amazon is no longer
Amazon forest has already been deforested twice the Amazon region so what remains
for us it is often a means for you to have the truth the true information
right and within the Ministry itself people who have this commitment to
tell the truth to see what's going on now let me go there
Brazil is the country that most preserves its forests in the world here we have
riparian forest in Europe has forest Will the legislation of the area of
permanent preservation in Europe will have a problem that the properties are almost
all of them are very built regions at the edge of the watercourse
inn on the riverside and everything here in Brazil has a legal reserve has an app
a lot that occurs protect you that the farmer in general
there are specific problems, but in general it is agriculture, which is the great
defender of the environment environmental problem is in the city your problem
Urban is the lack of sanitation that you are, in fact, finally for Brazil
sanctioned the legal framework of sanitation a country that has 100 million people in
sewage treatment 35 million without even drinking water and you touched on the
Amazon subject Remembering that many here before me received
international awards have traveled the world being recognized as major
but left 23 million Brazilians behind in the Amazon
richest region in Brazil with the worst human development index worst
sanitation worse education worse health worse housing worse Everything That is, the class was
winning International trophy and left the Brazilian population behind
one thing what it really is
it is but i'm music if you see worry there is a country offering a few million
doses for people For reforestation and have a clash with me last year I
I didn’t accept this because the exchange is lost the part of the sovereignty over the
Amazon Region now because these countries instead of money for our
sheet just because it doesn't recognize their countries
and speaks a lot, it doesn't even have 10 percent vegetation cover, we have 66 percent
on the Brazilian average 84 percent of the Amazon and no one can accuse you
of this irrational thing to defend patriotisms that has no justification
because the Lord approved the adoption of a park for example that this partnership of
132 conservation units that anyone from an international film actor to
another the funny guy explain saying things from the Amazon can put your hand
in my pocket to help us take care now who only talks and don’t put money
loses the legitimacy to criticize come on when there is a little time right the government
American wanted to surcharge our bond and this impasse lasted there practically 30
days and the company right social life hitting on
look at me the guy there says he is a friend of the trump but he is doing a bad thing that
Brazil took 30 days we decided on the other on the rate on ours so now
woke up the commercial doesn't know that parents play hard touching and you are not to blame
often from agreements signed in the past that you have fulfilled But everything
well Ready to hear the week the announcement by the American government that it will import North
of us, you know, an additional quota of 80 thousand tons of sugar would be welcome until
because we have an overproduction of ethanol our reservoirs are not
there with its maximum capacity, because the consumption of
fuel among them ethanol at the time of the pandemic is still a little
below normal and we have a super harvest of sugarcane ahead
good so look even if you don't make ethanol you make sugar you can throw
So this 80 thousand tons of the American government that will import from Brazil I
I’m going to talk exclusively about the Northeast region So that’s it It’s welcome
Of course, the trade balance represents very little, but it is welcome
a sign for those who seek like all the time we do have a good
launch in the United States and as far as possible we seek to improve
our environment is of business President a word there that allows me for the
people from the sugar cane sector, you support your government a lot with
reason right We have ethanol as an example of renewable fuel
renewable for the world In fact when people talk about electric cars in the rest
the world forgets that the truly sustainable car is the car
Brazilian Flex hybrid that mixes e and ethanol outside the Lithium battery
that you use afterwards cannot recycle and the electric car out there in general is
fueled with coal and electric internal gas here not our car has the
ethanol has the ethanol you plant it captures carbon it turns into biomass afterwards
to generate energy and you have given all the support to the sector
then the entire surgery and with all the ills is the emission of
carbon in Brazil as a percentage of the emitted in the world Complete Brazil
present the migrant because they are the construction of the text We are not the villains of
greenhouse gas emissions in the world, that is, this discussion of climate change
it is the fault of the developed countries that in the Industrial Revolution they cut
their forests used wood for coal locomotive for sleeper from
railway continue to burn fossil fuel while ours in general is
ethanol Our energy is right and hydraulic is Lika is
photovoltaic that that solar is biomass We are not responsible for the
emissions in the world we have commitments to make but no one can even enjoy the
Brazil this responsibility we are three percent the only for me to have a
idea a question of comparison all Latin America together all inclusive
Brazil represents seventeen percent of what I only found on my own if you
I am more United States Europe much more than Brazil then and the countries
you know then you need to put things in their right place we are not villains
of the climate issue at all so the Brazilians who are in the
internet before that was I’m suggest ask for information before criticizing is
criticize all the time with their famous villains in the world in this issue of emission
of CO2 and we are down there even for the size of Brazil you very 500
territorial extension your life even right the territorial extension and we are one of
latest CO2 emissions so Brazil does its part now it is not together with its
critical because with your criticism you do because more and more information
fans goes outside of Brazil and from there
what is the consequence of this are actually campaign out there to boycott product
Brazilian made even by idiots a Brazilian just made the guy very
known does not speak the name of not believing problem is that I speaking no
buying in Brazil is now a guy who doesn't really have a very good life right
and live as if he were a maharajah live in the world of the moon as a tycoon training a
it happen now you humble without hunger better where to stay is simply
relaying sharing the liars Mateus about our Brazil I said
for you you catch over the past 20 years that everyone has caught fire in
some Amazon region and in the Pantanal rarely the year that doesn’t take what doesn’t
caught fire there you are going to count all the areas announced The fires you have already
burned the sea is the size of Brazil number
calls it week the visit of the American secretary Mike Pompeo had a
I sent our Minister of Foreign Affairs Renato Araújo over there
as well as a defense representative from where the army forgot his name
here also accompanied the manager of Roraima And of course he went to see her
question of the welcomed operation does not think that the American has an interest in
reestablish democracy in Venezuela now I will not speak one of the country either
there is another country here in South America but in the south that you are buying for
where are they going by the wrong option?
already demonstrated in the past and follow the São Paulo forum line and now the
having a mistaken vote there was even very angry made the left
responsible for success in that country came back to power and quickly and
you can see the regime similar to ours in Venezuela ending right look
here you’re playing ball in my head okay it’s circulated a lot this is it and
freedom of speech now if it were the opposite it would be passive fake news of
passive to revoke the arrest warrant and seta has no one more than me who
suffers fake News in Brazil and suffered during the elections
the accused all the time and racist homophobic fascist misogynist does not like
northeastern and has a process in the TSE to remove my plate right as if I had
been elected by fake News I ask any of you who received any
your phone that you didn’t know origin is the fruit of the boosting fruit and made
you change the vote has not received anything until today information from anyone who received
in operation someone received the cell phone here to speak
on elections could change your vote right from the duty to vote in the PT vote in the
third and did not have and unfortunately has a process until the third gives
to play this process I am absolutely sure here will be filed in that
right, even for the sake of justice We will not have a vote for that
that I'm sure of that go to the TSE and everyone is aware of what happens
in municipal elections in São Paulo do not know how to say that you must have a
candidate is already talking there but I will not speak the name help us too but I
I have a jacket with but I will not say his name ok you have to help
thinking also I will not talk about one of them and there is also a candidate in Manaus not
I will speak his name right and obviously if you vote needy little bee and want
you already know who to vote for in São Paulo who are talking, you know you were going
put São Paulo later you will find me here for you You will like him
however he is a person that I know everybody, right? And I hope he grows up and
research was the child for us to learn an audience in Manaus we have a
excellent candidate there and the but I make your commitment not alive not
enter into municipal ones Although, and we can change our mind too
right and because if it reaches such a point and I think I can influence the
elections in these three, right, three cities, I will speak out because I think
this candidate our seeing is has everything to make a good mandate for the
well from São Paulo de Santos or Manaus AM
is well the young man we plant the screen is in the air here
pingo nos is on Facebook YouTube is not with 32 thousand people online pingo nos
is 82.000 Jovem Pan 9000 then 91.000 Jovem Pan left us in the dust
I recommend you when you're done with the Live scale here Sintonia Jovem Pan
symbol Zinho to watch there Augusto Nunes is on vacation Victor grade if he uses
and Samaria ok will stay to see the question are you
I will ask the question here is it accumulated because of the pandemic is almost
40 ambassador nominations around the world are approved and we are for Israel is
a huge meandering army general was going there Okay, he made a contact with the
during that time practically all the governors with practically all the
senators then sought from the authorities that he would like
Ambassador to do there on my part I told him that there was already
talked to Benjamin Nathaniel by coincidence
with I found him Colonel of the Israeli army who is Ambassador here in
Brazil that I would like to see done, among other things, something like
the Rondon project in the past our kids went to Israel to stay there
average 30 days of the clerk for free the only requirement is that we speak in English
the scene is in no condition Send someone to say that I don't speak English is today in
almost unacceptable day in someone who does not speak another language for your
own well and for your own professionalization to see the
fish farming in the desert see how it works agriculture la la la la it rains
less than ours our carille our sertão and how does it work there the
Culture how do you get them beyond the food guarantee and not support
part is for Europe starting the technology too so this is the General
getting there already has carte blanche to get to Israel go to club
sense for us to do something similar to the project go to send Our
kids at university in Brazil all free of charge to do an internship there in
exam Because it is a good problem program there is an example video let's go Ask if
use with the word
So [Music]
conditioning good night is in your opinion What are the three
main lies spread today about the Amazon in the world thank you
the rain can name several but first is the following that the amazon
dismantling the Environmental Protection system is not true when
otherwise we receive ourselves and that we receive the Protection system
Environment to care for the Amazon dismantled Half of the staff
bank employees you saw me for example it was lacking investment
budget and strategy the first thing according to people say look
you are imposing the population of the Amazon the model that they do not want
it is not true as president today quoted here several indigenous lands the
cinta-largas in Rondônia the Parecis in Mato Grosso Caiapós munduruku there in Pará
where we had an operation recently several of them want many
is to work with agriculture others to have some degree of exploitation of their
mineral wealth is the greatest in Brazil so it is not true that we are
a point we are present has said have to respect what people want
the places that a big lie that’s said there is that the amazon is being
devastated now we have 84 percent of the Amazon preserved since the
the Portuguese arrived here today 84 everyone who lives in the Amazon person
think the Amazon an empty place has 23 million Brazilians there is not the
empty place people need to produce need to live need to get around and
still 84 percent is preserved What you need in the Amazon is
sustainable economic development that As our Paulo Guedes said in the
President still out there has no worse enemy for the environment than
poverty EA Amazonia has been left in poverty the richest people in the world are in
Roraima you find a periodic table right under the ground no
thing is not underground because the gas is very clear he
the greedy EA is there these great the Band were not demarcated it was not
coincidence right is where in the subsoil there are immeasurable riches like the region
of the six lakes for example the start also doesn’t stop is an area back there
for Pedro Figueiredo's decree has been safeguarded for a possible
decoration in the future was almost handed over to other companies that would
just for that region and so that good time and the operation was suspended and we
we wait for an opportune moment to see how to explore this and we have a project
As I said at the beginning now wires here allowed exploration, right, the mining in
indigenous lands That's it, it's not going to authorize just to update but it has
to have here the science of the Indian for such now while you do it the
irrational exploitation is happening right and we send it out
large amount of Gold lover among other ores is number another
question is Zé Maria and
It is but not very good night President Jair bolsonaro good night tells me Ricardo
Salles happy I would like you to talk about what Brazil can do what
can be done to recover Brazil's image in this war for the labor market
agribusiness right and more what is the origin of these attacks of all is
resistant Brazilians cheering against the country Felício
ok Zé Maria I would say the following was my place is a shame we have
Brazilians who spoke ill of their own country here to resonate abroad
or let's go out there and speak ill of Brazil either in seminars or meetings
whether in newspaper articles Whatever it is why does that happen that the
president was the first president in the last decades that is taking away the right
matters under the rug is amazonian politics was the ostrich policy
sticking your head in the hole pretends you no longer had illegal mining in the land
indigenous and no longer had theft of wood and no longer had land grabbing and for
that it had all this because the people didn’t even want to discuss these issues and
the president bolsonaro in a coherent and serious way is bringing these
matters to be debated in Brazil people go out there to complain that we
we also closed a lot of taps on the mouths here inside the lot of
entities a lot of organizations a lot of academic do this all that
it never ended, you know, but I kept taking the money from our government
I will then, if it passed by the government, we need the tap, everything is ok
screaming out there is also love goes out comes out of it
the coast on Oi good night president 'good night
Minister Minister in Tuesday's speech at the UN General Assembly the
president bolsonaro drew attention to this problem of the campaign of
disinformation promoted against Brazil abroad and spoke about Indians and
caboclos who also burn their shoes in the Amazon rainforest sir
could you give us more details about that Minister for us who are here
the distance following all this question of the Amazon these fires
made by Indians are also illegal or in some cases they are allowed
by law and that if prohibited, the authorities are able to supervise
are able to impose fines when necessary even if they are within
indigenous territories how's that like this scenario thank you good night
for us president And Vitor is what the gift sold and
has every reason following a culture of fire management it is a culture that makes
part when you don’t have technology in places What’s the way to produce
agriculture cuts set fire and plant until you go using one two three plantations
three times you cultivate on the fourth he changes that I small farming
communities related to india also does this is part of the culture this wants to
to say that any burning that has in the Indian Amazon the caboclo Of course not
that is not what the president meant but he meant that it is part of the culture
the fire involved in the production, which is even made with
low-tech places in Brazil where high technology is employed you don't
have use of Fire because you have other ways to clean the soil to prepare the
this is what the president wanted to say and the true truth, right? We have
really this culture impregnated in Brazil people go out there and said
look at all the fires are
criminal fires no it's not true there is a part that is criminal is being
investigated by the police in any region who hear arson he
Indians and traditional communities that use fire will be investigated
in relation to their culture, there is a dispensation even from the Decree that the
president signed it is important to remember in this signed a decree banning
the use of fire in Brazil for 120 days except for those who need the
fire or for researching specific cases or for crops for example sugar
from the Northeast you don't have a lot of mechanization is a way to clean the
place to harvest is the use of fire in the same way the indigenous EA
traditional community you respect traditions but prohibit excesses this is how
that public policy is made the way the present did the decree in heavy
coastline and it's wire Zé Maria Thanks naked
I want to watch television from the crowd of our Live, thank Leticia here
also who kindly attended here to be our pound interpreter if
I'm not mistaken I'm five million more people have a hearing problem
or audition speech Okay so there are a lot of people who accompany us because of
thanking that Carlos Sales an a
most expensive thing just to say that Dona Michele asked us to record a video
right in honor of the Day of the Deaf if I am not mistaken to correct myself here if
you were wrong It was like this like this, right, so I congratulate you anyway, I already
I recorded like this I think I'm crazy not to record immediately This video is
I already recorded it I was not careful it can only be a sin for the person Thanks there
until next week who's on my channel Tune in Jovem Pan symbol
Zinho has 15 minutes there for you to hear the final comments there must be
of our young lady friends that next week if God he